Xu Yaoguang, use your pig brain and think about whether he has 100 million
He is lying to you
He is my own sister
He will not lie to me
Then you should carefully recall the memories
When did he have 100 million
Sister, I am done
I will give you the money
But Xuanguang
Sober extortion is a crime to break the law and a liar
I tore the check
Let you dare to lie to me
Believe it or not, do I send you to see a man? Let me go, I have no money
Oops, you don't
It's Zhou Yanjin. Yes
Let me go and I will take you to see him
Just write another one
Let me go, I won't go to him without money
Believe it or not, I will stab you to death
Brother Joy, wake up
I'm your sister
Besides, killing people takes a long life
Miss Rong is here
Am I a murderer or a legitimate emperor?
You are talking nonsense
Miss Long, my 1 million, do it now
I'll give you 10 million